Steps:

1. Installations:
    Use Easy Install to install the required.
    Download requirements.txt and install.sh
    Make the shell script executable and run the file.

    Create a Facebook Page, a Facebook Developer's account, Sign Up with Heroku and DialogFlow.

2. DialogFlow:
    Create an account with DialogFlow.
    Create an Agent, followed by creating the Intent and Entitites.
    Pass the query result for sentiment analysis processing.

3. Python Flask:
    Create the app.py file which take the query result and outputs the sentiment as fulfillment text.
    
4. NGROK:
    Using ngrok obtain a public IP. Type- ngrok http {port number of the local host on which flask server is running}
    Go to the Fulfillment Tab on left in DialogFlow, enter the URL as the publicIP/defined_route

5. Integration:

    Facebook Developer:
        Go to the Developer.Facebook and create a new app with an unique name.
        Add Messanger as a new product.
        Go to Settings tab under Messanger.
            Under Access Tokens-
                Select the previously created Page and generate the Access Token for it.
            Under Webhooks-
                Subscribe to events-  messages, messaging_postbacks, message_deliveries
                Select the above created Page to subscribe your Webhook to the Page Events
    
    DialogFlow:
        In order to integrate with Facebook Messanger, go to the Integrations tab in DialogFlow and enable for Facebook Messanger.
        Click on it and fill in the following-
            Verify Token - set to any of your choice
            Page Access TOken - paste the above generated access token
            Click on Start
    
    Facebook:
        Go to the created page and click on the Button and enable send message
        And test by typing in the Messanger
            
6. Heroku Deployment:

    Sign Up with Heroku and create an App with a unique name.

    The folder should contain the following file before deployemnt:
        1. Procfile
            File which contains- 
            web: gunicorn server:app
            where server = name of the python file containing the Flask code
        2. server.py
            The python file with the Flask code for handling the sentiment analysis
        3. requirements.txt
            File specifying the requiremnts.
    
    Run the following on the terminal- 

    $ heroku login

    $ git init
    $ heroku git:remote -a {name of your app}

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -am "make it better"
    $ git push heroku master

    You can check for errors with-
    $heroku logs -t

    Once the deployment is done, use the given URL and update the URL in Fulfillment in DialogFlow and add the route (from Python Flask file ) after the URL.